ROX-19783: document ACS overlays (#71433)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/customize-installation-operator-overlays.adoc

generated by these custom resources.

The `.spec.overlays` field comprises a sequence of patches, applied in their listed order. These patches are processed
by the operator on the Kubernetes resources before deployment to the cluster.

[WARNING]
====
The `.spec.overlays` field present in both `Central` and `SecuredCluster` is a break-glass feature that allows modifying
low-level kubernetes resources in arbitrary ways. It is highly recommended to use this feature only when no other option
is available. Due to its potential complexity and impact, support for this feature is limited.
====

The structure of an overlay is as follows:
[source,yaml]
----
overlays:
- apiVersion: Targeted Kubernetes resource ApiVersion (e.g., apps/v1, v1, networking.k8s.io/v1)
  kind: Resource type (e.g., Deployment, ConfigMap, NetworkPolicy)
  name: Name of the resource
  patches:
    - path: JSONPath expression to the field (e.g., spec.template.spec.containers[name:central].env[-1])
      value: YAML string for the new field value
----

[id="adding-an-overlay_{context}"]
=== Adding an overlay

> For customizations, overlays can be added to `Central` or `SecuredCluster` custom resources. Use the `oc` command-line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For customizations, you can add overlays to `Central` or `SecuredCluster` custom resources. Use the OpenShift CLI (`oc`)
```

Reviewer: see https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#openshift-cli

> tool or the Openshift Console for modifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
or the OpenShift Container Platform web console for modifications.
```

> If overlays do not take effect as expected, check the {product-title-short} operator logs for any syntax errors or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If overlays do not take effect as expected, check the {product-title-short} Operator logs for any syntax errors or
```

issues logged.

> 

Reviewer: remove blank line (sometimes extra blank lines causes issues with rendering HTML)

[id="examples_{context}"]

> == Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Overlay examples
```

[id="adding-eks-role-arn-annotation_{context}"]

> === Specifying EKS Pod Role ARN for the Central ServiceAccount

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Specifying an EKS pod role ARN for the Central ServiceAccount
```

> Add an EKS pod role ARN annotation to the `central` ServiceAccount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) pod role Amazon Resource Name (ARN) annotation to the `central` ServiceAccount as shown in the following example:
```

Reviewer: spell out acronyms & initializations at first use

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: platform.stackrox.io
kind: Central
metadata:
  name: central
spec:
  # ...
  overlays:
  - apiVersion: v1
    kind: ServiceAccount
    name: central
    patches:
      - path: metadata.annotations.eks\.amazonaws\.com/role-arn
        value: "\"arn:aws:iam:1234:role\""
----

[id="adding-an-environment-variable-to-a-deployment_{context}"]

> === Injecting an Environment Variable into the Central Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Injecting an environment variable into the Central deployment
```

> Inject an environment variable into the `central` deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inject an environment variable into the `central` deployment as shown in the following example:
```

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: platform.stackrox.io
kind: Central
metadata:
  name: central
spec:
  # ...
  overlays:
  - apiVersion: apps/v1
    kind: Deployment
    name: central
    patches:
    - path: spec.template.spec.containers[name:central].env[-1]
      value: |
        name: MY_ENV_VAR
        value: value
----

[id="adding-an-ingress-to-a-network-policy_{context}"]

> === Extending Network Policy with an Ingress Rule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Extending network policy with an ingress rule
```

> Add an ingress rule to the `allow-ext-to-central` network policy for port 999 traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add an ingress rule to the `allow-ext-to-central` network policy for port 999 traffic as shown in the following example:
```

> 

Reviewer: remove blank line

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: platform.stackrox.io
kind: Central
metadata:
  name: central
spec:
    ...
    overlays:
    - apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
      kind: NetworkPolicy
      name: allow-ext-to-central
      patches:
        - path: spec.ingress[-1]
          value: |
            ports:
            - port: 999
              protocol: TCP
----

[id="changing-configmap-data_{context}"]

> === Modifying ConfigMap Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Modifying ConfigMap data
```

> Modify the `central-endpoints` ConfigMap data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify the `central-endpoints` ConfigMap data as shown in the following example:
```

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: platform.stackrox.io
kind: Central
metadata:
  name: central
spec:
    # ...
    overlays:
    - apiVersion: v1
      kind: ConfigMap
      name: central-endpoints
      patches:
      - path: data
        value: |
          endpoints.yaml: |
            disableDefault: false
----

[id="adding-a-container-to-a-deployment_{context}"]

> === Adding a Container to the Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Adding a container to the deployment
```

> Add a new container to the `central` deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a new container to the `central` deployment as shown in the following example:
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="customize-installation-operator-overlays_{context}"]

= Customizing the installation using the Operator with overlays

[role="_abstract"]
Learn how to tailor the installation of {product-title-short} using the Operator method with overlays.

[id="overlays_{context}"]
== Overlays

When `Central` or `SecuredCluster` custom resources don't expose certain low-level configuration options as parameters,
you can use the `.spec.overlays` field for adjustments. Use this field to amend the Kubernetes resources
generated by these custom resources.

The `.spec.overlays` field comprises a sequence of patches, applied in their listed order. These patches are processed
by the Operator on the Kubernetes resources before deployment to the cluster.

[WARNING]
====

> The `.spec.overlays` field present in both `Central` and `SecuredCluster` allows users to modify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.spec.overlays` field in both `Central` and `SecuredCluster` allows users to modify
```

> low-level kubernetes resources in arbitrary ways. Use this feature only when the desired customization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
low-level Kubernetes resources in arbitrary ways. Use this feature only when the desired customization
```

Reviewer: Kubernetes is capitalized per [SSG](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#kubernetes)

> is not available through the `SecuredCluster` or `Central` CustomResources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is not available through the `SecuredCluster` or `Central` custom resources.
```

> The support for the `.spec.overlays` feature is limited primarily because it grants the ability to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for the `.spec.overlays` feature is limited primarily because it grants the ability to
```

make intricate and highly specific modifications to Kubernetes resources, which can vary significantly
from one implementation to another. This level of customization introduces a complexity that goes beyond

> standard usage scenarios, making it challenging to provide broad support. Each modifications can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
standard usage scenarios, making it challenging to provide broad support. Each modification can
```

> be unique, potentially interacting with the Kubernetes system in unpredictable ways, especially across

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be unique, potentially interacting with the Kubernetes system in unpredictable ways across
```
